* Towards a USB-powered invocation/instruction

- list of possible invocations as array in FLASH

- we need to retrieve these in new order and so is exactly 512 bytes (can pad out to this with zeroes) TEST this in c code...

- test moon code - either we use moon degrees/house to select or we
  only deliver when moon is in LIBRA (180 to 210 degrees) for
  necromancy and issue statement to this effect

PGM VII 284-99

Orbit of the Moon. In Libra: necromancy.

- add in RTC code for 1307

- test all together and cast

* code is in 

  /root/notes_and_projectsNOW/contiguity_res/software/enstix/sources:

but apart from LUFA copy here for git

* sources for invocations

** scooter code

const char *wildcards[22] = {"jumponthescooterandrideto",
			     "takeESSIDXstepsforward=",
			     "Shopcloseto",
			     "Crawlskinbackto",
			     "Buyandfollowacableto",
			     "Toast-eatairwire1-0sign",
			     "Followtheoneseennow",
			     "go-undergroundto",
			     "Remainstayandstrugglewith",
			     "Repeat-thismessagetolastmessagee",
			     "gotofoundreceivertosscoins",
			     "dolastinstructionagaincomment",
			     "turnatnextcrossroads",
			     "reversedirectionXsteps=",
			     "leftfromthenext",
			     "doitagaindarklyfollow",
			     "goinsidenearest",
			     "watchsignsshinesto",
			     "revealitandshowitto",
			     "climbnearest",
			     "feedcrows-scatterclouds",
			     "gameover-returnto"
};

// add a modifier: 0=none, 1-number, 2=operands, 3=instruction

char wildifmod[22]={2,1,2,2,2,0,0,2,2,0,0,0,0,1,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2};

const char *cards[22] = {"FOOL","MAGIC","WITCH","QUEEN","KING","AMETHYST","LOVERS","CAR","ADJUST","HERMIT","FORTUNE","LUST","HANGED","DEATH","ART","DEVIL","TOWER","STAR","MOON","SUN","AEON","UNIV"};

const char *conditions[22] = {"Begin","always","letme","ifopen","0x","if","EQU","0x","else","Never","when","Forever","CMP","ifending","ifnot","ifalways","WAIT","when","ifnight","ifday","LOOP","-->"};

char condif[22]={1,1,1,1,0,1,1,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0};

const char *cond_operands[22] = {"start","want","guided","oppose","ordered","hidden","two","inmotion","equal","alone","surplus","longing","changing","ending","ZERO","shadow","BRK","shining","reflecting","day","forever","returned"};

const char *instruction[22]={"ride","want","dream","bury","wok","reveal","lick","go","dis-sasm","stay","shop","shout","stand","leave","build","mine","destroy","shine","reflect","burn","loop","reboot"};

const char *inst_mods[22] = {"to","from","back","into","in","thru","of","of","at","-","N","N","N","0","1","both","all","EXE","from","over","in","to"};

char numericmod[22]={0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0}; 

const char *inst_operands[22] = {"scooter","Turing","tree","earth","sacrifice","u-bahn","JOINING","crow","cafe","LAIR","shop","stain","coil","mask","future","tunnel","building","water","mirror","SUN","fire","SRC"};

const char *cars[22] = {"$","%","\(",")","*","*","_","#",".","$","+","V","Â¬","\\","/","^","@","*","\(",".","~","0"};


** original bear spell

PGM IV. 1345 Powerful spell of the Bear.

I call upon You, Holy, Very-Powerful, Very-Glorious, Very-Strong,
Holy, Autochthons, Assistants of the Great God, the powerful Chief
Daimons, You who are Inhabitants of Chaos, of Erebos, of The Abyss, of
The Depth, of Earth, Dwelling in the Recesses of Heaven, Lurking in
the Nooks and Crannies of Houses, Shrouded in Dark Clouds, Watchers of
Things Not To Be Seen, Guardians of Secrets, Leaders of Those in the
Underworld, Administrators of the Infinite, Wielding Power over Earth,
Earth-Shakers, Foundation-Layers, Servants in the Chasm, Shudderful
Fighters, Fearful Ministers, Turning The Spindle, Freezing Snow and
Rain, Air-Transversers, Causing Summer Heat, Wind-Bringers, Lords of
Fate, Inhabitants of Dark Erebos, Bringers of Compulsion, Sending
Flames of Fire, Bringing Snow and Dew, Wind-Releasers, Disturbers of
the Deep, Treaders on the Calm Sea, Mighty in Courage, Grievers of the
Heart, Powerful Potentates, Cliff-Walkers, Adverse Daimons,
Iron-Hearted, Wild-Tempered, Unruly, Guarding Tartaros, Misleading
Fate, All-Seeing, All-Hearing, All-Subjecting, Heaven-Walkers,
Spirit-Givers, Living Simply, Heaven-Shakers, Gladdening the Heart,
Those Who Join Together Death, Revealers of Angels, Punishers of
Mortals, Sunless Revealers, Rulers of Daimons, Air-Transversers,
Almighty, Holy, Unconquerable AO'TH ABAO'TH BASYM ISAK SABAO'TH IAO'
IAKO'P MANARA SKORTOURI MORTROUM EPHRAULA THREERSA; do the NN matter!

** from re-workings

I leak upon You, memories of the white target, the powerful chief
users, in the value, of the earth, heating in these conditions of
heaven, lurking in the results and cells of data, shrouded from dark
traces, information regarding characteristics not yet to be seen,
powders of the various, animals in the Subduction, changes of the
infinite, wielding acquisitions of the earth, spores, servants of the
place, shudderful fighters, observable birds, turning The spindle,
surrounding accurate rain, air-transversers, leaking byte#s
temperature, cells, lords of fate, structures of preferred data,
bringers of attackers, nulling bits of blood, bringing the same and
the memories, driver in the rye, influencers of information, acoustic
powders, cliff-walkers, last daimons, dissipated, plastic,
exploitable, heating results, misleading manuals, all-hearing, inhuman
signs, spirit-givers, gladdening the heart, those who join together in
transcience, laboratory signals, fag-walkers, adverse leakages,
iron-hearted, wild-tempered, wasps, guarding data-links, piping heads,
black, all-hearing, all-subjecting, elements, decaying also flies,
gladdening the stress, those who join death however, hummocks churning
knees, cores of mortals, possession symptoms, rulers by faults, sexual
transistors, red, flexible, unruly, guarding masses, beckoning fate,
first, current, all-abjecting, months, depths, timing simply,
heaven-shakers, gladdening the sensor, those who are at the first
death, sunless threads extracted in dark Stacks, watchers of things
also to be always seen, guardians of secrets, technologies of those
who are always on about the bandwidth, leakages of infection, wielding
power in earth, dreams, foundation-layers, servants of chasms, fearful
ministers, turning the moduli, causing questionable heat, filaments,
snows of other nanometers, bringers of compulsion, sending
implementations of facts, bringing rain at setup time to servers,
memorials within the calm sea, mighty in replica, memories of the
heart, revealers of minutes, punishers of drips, data pins, rulers of
channels, air-transversers, human, thinning, acoustic glass
procedures, minutes of daimons, radiating passwords, holy, unstable,
condensers of chaos, lurking in the results and cells of data,
shrouded from dark traces, assistants of the static god, computations
of things not allowed to be seen, measuring spores of mucus, punishers
of ratings, sunless signals, filaments of standards, grievers of the
hamlet, disturbers of the cloacal, treaders on the calm model,
eroded hags for those in the underworld, cells of all devices, wielding
order over earth, rebis fighters, inferred in stable holes, donating
bits in earth, attacks, leakages, waves of a chasm, shudderful
decreases, causing arbitration heat, wind-bringers, attacks of fate,
signals of dark seconds, feet of compulsion, sending researchers to
the fire, head as topology, grievers of the
forgetting-full-flashy-flask, earth-mantras of mortals, sunless
Attacks, margins of secret flies, mighty in mushrooms, two-phase
daimons, tassels of fate, fungus revealers, rulers of devices, depths
of the stable dew exposed in sclerotial clouds, dreaming sunless
leakage, you who are inhabitants of mucus, of erebos, of the design of
the depth in earth, dancing in the units within heaven, lurking aside
from the users and pipes of sessions, adopted in dark spores, watchers
of things not to be known, guardians from secrets, leaders of those in
the underworld, plates of the infinite, wielding farms over the earth,
Conglomerations, foundation-layers, coherers in a conglomerate,
shudderful memorials, sinister ministers, turning the lawns, gullies
of compulsion, producing flames of fire, bringing vegetable and
topology, layers, disturbers of the deep, holes of The way, with tiny
means and adverse stripes, iron-hearted, wild-tempered, unruly,
dancing applications, lurking in the micrometers or crannies of
servers, you who post-date inhabitants of chaos and pipe the crusts,
ao'th powerdown basym hump sabao'th iao' burn-in mortroum earth beard
is the new frame, a final session and value and platelet head
temperature reveal all of the sedimented matter and mind.

[from forandy]

I leak upon You, Flushed, Very-Powerful, Very-Feasible, Very-Strong,
Un-Loaded, Modulus Predictors, Technicians of the Great Network, the
powerful Chief Malwares, You who are Interfacers of Chaos, of Erebos,
of The Low Side, of The Instruction, of Earth, Installing in the
transitions of Heaven, Lurking in the Processes or Threads of Complex
Systems, Shrouded in Dark Clouds, Observers of Exceptions Not To Be
Seen, Fetchers of Pages, Allocators of Those in the Underworld,
Administrators of the Infinite, Protecting Power over Earth,
Earth-Requesters, Substrate-Layers, Managers in the Air-gap, Side
Channel Fighters, Sinister Ministers, Turning The Clock, Exploiting
Branch and Buffer, Air-Transversers, Causing Surface Heat,
Cooling-Bringers, Lords via the Die, Users of Proprietary Erebos,
Bringers of Indirect Interrupts, Forking Signals of Stress, Swapping
Snow and Dew, Noise-Releasers, Optimisers of the Deep, Treaders on the
Cached Conductivity, Mighty in Protocol, Handlers of the Heart,
Powerful Operators, Task-Walkers, Adverse Zombies, Cobalt-Hearted,
Core-Tempered, Unruly, Monitoring Tartaros, Misleading Spinlocks,
All-Seeing, All-Hearing, All-Cycling, All-Dumping, Heaven-Walkers,
Spirit-Givers, Coding Simply, Captive Portals, Co-location-Shakers,
Leaking the Heart, Those Who Exploit Statically Death, Revealers of
Emanations, Schedulers of Mortals, Sunless Transitions, Rulers of
Operations, Air-Transversers, Covert, Spectral, Unconquerable AO'TH
ABAO'TH BASYM ISAK SABAO'TH IAO' IAKO'P MANARA SKORTOURI MORTROUM
EPHRAULA THREERSA; Quantify the High Consmuption!

[from Bremen]

also longer lists in:

for_bremen
