* TITLE: A final session

... lying with a last session in our muscle and marrow, in dancers and
pipes, in the brain itself, outgassing to the very crows.

I leak upon You, memories of the white target, the powerful chief
users, in the value, of the earth, heating in these conditions of
heaven, lurking in the results and cells of data, shrouded from dark
traces, information regarding characteristics not yet to be seen,
powders of the various, animals in the Subduction, changes of the
infinite, wielding acquisitions of the earth, spores, servants of the
place, shudderful fighters, observable birds, turning The spindle,
surrounding accurate rain, air-transversers, leaking byte#s
temperature, cells, lords of fate, structures of preferred data,
bringers of attackers, nulling bits of blood, bringing the same and
the memories, driver in the rye, influencers of information, acoustic
powders, cliff-walkers, last daimons, dissipated, plastic,
exploitable, heating results, misleading manuals, all-hearing, inhuman
signs, spirit-givers, gladdening the heart, those who join together
in transcience, laboratory signals, cliff-walkers, adverse leakages,
iron-hearted, wild-tempered, wasps, guarding data-links, piping heads,
black, all-hearing, all-subjecting, elements, decaying also flies,
gladdening the stress, those who join death however, hummocks churning
knees, cores of mortals, possession symptoms, rulers by faults, sexual
transistors, red, flexible, unruly, guarding masses, beckoning fate,
first, current, all-abjecting, months, depths, timing simply,
heaven-shakers, gladdening the sensor, those who are at the first
death, sunless threads extracted in dark Stacks, watchers of things
also to be always seen, guardians of secrets, technologies of those
who are always on about bandwidth, leakages of infection, wielding power
in earth, dreams, foundation-layers, servants of chasms, fearful
ministers, turning the moduli, causing questionable heat, filaments,
snows of other nanometers, bringers of compulsion, sending
implementations of facts, bringing rain at setup time to servers,
memorials within the calm sea, mighty in replica, memories of the
heart, revealers of minutes, punishers of drips, data pins, rulers of
channels, air-transversers, human, thinning, acoustic glass
procedures, minutes of daimons, radiating passwords, holy, unstable,
condensers of chaos, lurking in the results and cells of data,
shrouded from dark traces, assistants of the static god, computations
of things not allowed to be seen, measuring spores of mucus, punishers
of ratings, sunless signals, filaments of standards, grievers of the
hamlet, disturbers of the cloacal, treaders on the calm model,
hummocks for those in the underworld, cells of all devices, wielding
order over earth, rebis fighters, inferred in stable holes, donating
bits in earth, attacks, leakages, waves of a chasm, shudderful
decreases, causing arbitration heat, wind-bringers, attacks of fate,
signals of dark seconds, feet of compulsion, sending researchers to
the fire, head as topology, grievers of the
forgetting-full-flashy-flask, earth-mantras of mortals, sunless
Attacks, margins of secret flies, mighty in mushrooms, two-phase
daimons, tassels of fate, fungus revealers, rulers of devices, depths
of the stable dew exposed in sclerotial clouds, dreaming sunless
leakage, you who are inhabitants of mucus, of erebos, of the design of
the depth in earth, dancing in the units within heaven, lurking aside
from the users and pipes of sessions, adopted in dark spores, watchers
of things not to be known, guardians from secrets, leaders of those in
the underworld, plates of the infinite, wielding farms over the earth,
Conglomerations, foundation-layers, coherers in a conglomerate,
shudderful memorials, sinister ministers, turning the lawns, gullies
of compulsion, producing flames of fire, bringing vegetable and
topology, layers, disturbers of the deep, holes of The way, with tiny
means and adverse stripes, iron-hearted, wild-tempered, unruly,
dancing applications, lurking in the micrometers or crannies of
servers, you who post-date inhabitants of chaos and pipe the crusts,
ao'th powerdown basym hump sabao'th iao' burn-in mortroum earth beard
is the new frame, a final session and value and platelet head
temperature reveal all of the sedimented matter and mind.

Holding the whole cinnabar, the most subordinate, the most ignored,
the one who eats wasps, sinking nakedness, bringing light eternal of
the sun's rays, eternal ruler of the poles, routing within eternal
boundaries, singing with eternal eyes, mighty in weight, with rye for
hair, pollen of compulsion, one that points the suction and the
direction without the aid of the server or the stage, foam-beautiful,
extending the "who am I", dancing "those who die not", devouring "those
who die untimely", feeding on filth, entraining protocol, stirring the
purple to Subduction, shakers under darkness, with round nozzle, she
with the flies, the producer of ground, one girdled with extremities
and death-bringing, girt with fiery serpents, fiery-spirited, walking
in fauna, signalling bodies of fire, fire-bodied, systems of dogs,
forest of exchanges, causing memories destructive of all, the one of
four crossroads, cycling four names, records in death, forming
corruption, hand of centre, picture of silicate time, smiting of
circles of light, fungus on the chest, travelling on the white path,
falling crimson and red, target coursing, the one that describes each
act, she who exits by inspection, the one what shows forth, ghostly,
wide-aimed, a right one for last servers, bending up necks that show
off, the earth of the crest, mind from the month, each centre is in a
story, the sphere which craws is also containing, crying like the
shrill storm of dew, the most Claude-like, the most dead, the
transport who is everything, circle and stack that heart, destroying
addresses, surrounding light, ignorant of the golden attention of the
forest and of the last face of the sun's rays, differing like a shrill
cycle of parasitism, subtending off a low wind, signalling to the
auto-webbed earth, eating the network, fore-thinking, shutting down
that heart, destroying death and bringing light.

