But the presence of so many soldiers and military vehicles, and the
wan-faced townsfolk evacuating their homes, ensured that the little
enclave of the transfigured forest – by comparison the remainder of
the Everglades basin seemed a drab accumulation of peat, muck and
marls – would soon be obliterated, the crystal trees dismembered and
carried away to a hundred antiseptic laboratories.
[J.G. Ballard, 'The Illuminated Man', in The Terminal Beach, London:
Phoenix, (1964) 1992, p.81]

The matter of the Magnum Opus is the subject on which the philosophers
exercised their practical science. All who have written on the art
have concealed the true name of this matter, as the chief key of
chemistry. Having potentially all the qualities and properties of
elementary things, they have given it the names of all kinds of
things. It is a fifth element, a quintessence, the material beginning
and end of all things. It is the matter of which the Heavens are
composed, says the Hermetic author. It is the quintessence of our
sublunary matter, the soul of the elements, which preserves all things
sublunary from destruction, and from corruption. It is the bird of
Hermes, which descends continually from heaven to earth, and as
continually ascends and goes back from earth to heaven. It is even as
the mysterious ladder of the vision of Jacob the prophet, whereon the
angels of God for ever came and went between earth, and the world
which is above the earth. It is also the seeds of bodies, even the
seminal life of all things, whether vegetable, animal, or mineral,
which do propagate and continue their species by means of seminal
generation. Now the seed of bodies is the first matter of the
chemists; and this matter is found only in the seed of bodies. But
each seed is to be found after its own kind, in its own species. There
is a seed of individuals, according to the three Kingdoms of Nature,
and this seed is diverse in each. In the mineral Kingdom, it is called
a Sperm, and this sperm is the Sulphur of Metals-an unctuous,
sulphureous, and mercurial vapour, says Aristotle. Finis. [Ruland]

Adarner - Adrop - Asrob - Agnean - Eagle - Alartar - Alabar - Aevis -
Alkaest - Alcharit - Alembroth - Alinagra - Almisada - Aludel - Alun -
Abzernad - Amalgra - Anathron - Androgyne - Antimony - Aremaros -
Arnec - Arsenic - Asmarcech - Azoth - Borax - Boritis - Caduceus -
Cain - Chyle – The Cock - Dragon - Ebisemeth - Embryo - Euphrates -
Eve - Feces - Flower of the Sun - Hermaphrodite - Hyle - Infinite -
Isis - Kibrish - Laton - Lion - Magnes - Magnesia - Mars - Menstruum -
Mother - Orient - Salamander - Sonig - Sulphur - Tincture of Metals -
Vapour - Lord of the Stones - The Bull - The Sea - The West - Bird of
Hermes - Shadow of the Sun - Philosophical Stone - Animal Stone -
Lead - Spring - Vegetable Liquor - The Moon - The Garden - The
Spouse - Summer - The Woman - The Son of the Sun and the Moon - Water
of Life - Water of Gold - The Belly of the Ostrich - Anger - Butter -
May Blossom - Golden Wood - The Tree - Silver - Whiteness - Soul of
Saturn - The Lamb.

???? The geopoetic body informs and enables articulations, formations,
ingestions of inhalations of particulate matter, uranium-235,
conduits, fracking, descents, carbon dating, deep time, metals, the
cut, bedrocks, cavities, caves, chasms, tailings, leachings,
radiometric dating, orogenesis, dumps , lithologies, stratigraphies,
mineral resources, extractions, boundaries, outcrops, chronologies,
leachates, sulphides, percolations

A container subjects itself to a
descriptive dissolution, to the recursive effects of its own
signs. Hardware dissolves itself as a function or extent of its own
functions, as a necessity. It is and is not a palimpsest.

one direction: evidence sentience of the vegetal, of stones, in the still waters of the tarn
(its endurance) -> moulded the destinies of humans, makes us how we
are seen now, what i am

humans put sentience into the landscape, extending itself as
technology - recursion again but how does that come to inverted
astrology

the heavens - underground is the past, overground is the future...

As above, so below: loving are the astral bodies that hold court over
the repose of our tortured flesh.

Inverted astrology and interior astronomy, lower astronomy (in the
words and diagrams of alchemist George Ripley "encoding his alchemical
ingredients as planets that orbited the earthly elements at the core
of the work.") and inferior geology, a geomantic open casting of the
deeper earth bodies 

*switch round poe/usher to get to inverted astrology/inferior
astronomy - how that works*

of what we need to mention -> theory we have(marder - dump, place gone mad, moyn we havepatr,filth), bog bodies we have, bezoar,
miasma we have, tears - thread more of content into the above!

sisselx, pharamrosemary, miasma_rosa, bezoarA, anais-tears/image,
cecilia-iron ring- remediation

His
tannery dog, middle aged, crowned hat, vomits old silver coins and
terse liquid on his boots. He brought it up again, this colloidal and
dewy morning.
