mechanisms of passenger ejection, the geometry of kneecap and
hip-joint injuries, deformation of passenger compartments in head-on
and rear-end collisions, injuries sustained in accidents at
roundabouts, at trunkroad intersections, at the junctions between
access roads and motorway intersections, the telescoping mechanisms of
car-bodies in front-end collisions, abrasive injuries formed in
roll-overs, the amputation of limbs by roof assemblies and door sills
during roll-over, facial injuries caused by dashboard and window trim,
scalp and cranial injuries caused by rear-view mirrors and sun-visors,
whiplash injuries in rear-end collisions, first and second-degree
burns in accidents involving the rupture and detonation of fuel tanks,
chest injuries caused by steering column impalements, abdominal
injuries caused by faulty seat-belt adjustment, second-order
collisions between front-seat and rear-seat passengers, cranial and
spinal injuries caused by ejection through windshields, the graded
injuries to the skull caused by variable windshield glasses, injuries
to minors, both children and infants in arms, injuries caused by
prosthetic limbs, injuries caused within cars fitted with invalid
controls, the complex self-amplifying injuries of single and double
amputees, injuries caused by specialist automobile accessories such as
record players, cocktail cabinets and radiotelephones, the injuries
caused by manufacturers' medallions, safety belt pinions and
quarter-window latches. genital wounds caused during automobile
accidents. [...] the breasts of teenage girls deformed by instrument
binnacles, the partial mammoplasties of elderly housewives carried out
by the chromium louvres of windshield assemblies, nipples sectioned by
manufacturers' dashboard medallions; injuries to male and female
genitalia caused by steering wheel shrouds, windshields during
ejection, crushed door pillars, seat springs and handbrake units,
cassette player instrument toggles. A succession of photographs of
mutilated penises, sectioned vulvas and crushed testicles, windshield
ejection, roll-over and head-on collisions, facial injuries
